error_code,error_description
1,"Record id is not 1, 2, 4, A, B, or C."
2,"Batch number is not a number or is 0."
3,"Process month is not a number or not between 1 and 12."
4,"Process year is not a number, is less than the PUR year, or is greater than 2 + the PUR year. The value from the county file is a two digit number.  It is coverted here to a 4 digit year by assuming a number between 50 and 99 is a year in the 1900's and a number between 0 and 49 is a year in the 2000's."
5,"County code is not a number or not between 1 and 58."
6,"Section number is not a number or not between 1 and 60"
7,"Township is not a number or not between 1 and 48"
8,"Township direction is not N or S"
9,"Range is not a number or not between 1 and 47"
10,"Range direction is not W or E"
11,"Base meridian is not H, M, or S"
12,"Application method is not A, G, or O"
13,"Commodity code is not a number."
14,"Commodity code is not in the commodity table."
15,"Application month is not a number or not between 1 and 12."
16,"Application day is not a number or not between 1 and 31."
17,"Application year is not the current PUR year.  As with process_yr it is converted to 4 digit value.  If it is an error, it is estimated as the PUR year."
18,"Acres treated is null or is not a number or <= 0 when it is required"
19,"Unit treated is null or is not A, S, C, K, or U (for prod ag) or A, S, C, K, P, T, or U (for others), when it is required.  Unit treated is null and acre treated has valid value when it is optional."
20,"Acre_treated, unit_treated both present when optional"
21,"application year is not a number or is more than 5 years before the current year"
22,"For non production ag, acres treated is >  700 (unit = A) or acre_treated > 999999 (unit = S) and site is not rangeland, pastureland, forest trees, uncultivated ag, or uncultivated non-ag areas.  If error, set unit_treated = U."
23,"Acres treated is > 10% more than the area of its section, when unit is acres and site is not rangeland, pastureland, forest trees, uncultivated ag, or uncultivated non-ag areas.  If error, set acres treated equal to area of the section."
24,"Registration firm number is not a number or is 0"
25,"Registration label sequence number is not a number or is 0"
30,"Number of applications is not a number or < 0 for non ag; replace reported values of 0, blank, or "." with null.  For production ag., applic_cnt is always set equal to 1 regardless of value reported and no error report is generated."
31,"Amount used is not a number or is 0"
32,"Unit of measure is not LB, OZ, GA, QT, PT, KG, GR, LI, or ML"
34,"Document number is not a number. Document_no is not required for reports from CalTrans, so it is set to null in these cases.  CalTrans records are identified as records with record_id = 2 and application day = 28."
35,"Line item is not a number or is 0."
37,"Pesticide product is not in DPR's label database. If the program can't find a product with the exact given registration number, it will look for a product with the same 2-part or 3-part registration number and report possible error. If it does not find such a product, it will give an invalid error.  If there are several such products, it will choose a product based on several criteria discussed in the loader documentation."
38,"Unit of measure is invalid for this formulation;  changing this requires that lbs_prd_used be recalculated"
39,"Site code is not on the list of commodities for which this product is registered.  This will generate an error message only if prodno is not null, site_code >= 1000, product is not a spreader/sticker, fumigant, rodenticide, or exempt from mill assessment.  Inconsistent error occurs where site code is not listed for reported product, but is found for another product with the same 2 or 3-part registration number as reported product."
43,"Grower_id is null, or first two digists not equal to county_cd, or 2nd and 3rd digits not between last two digits of PUR year - 3 and last two digits of PUR year + 3, or 5th and 6th digits not between 1 and 58.  Further explanation of the grower_id is given in the documentation."
44,"Acres planted is null or is not a number or <= 0."
45,"Unit planted is not A, S, C, K, or U."
47,"Area (or volume) treated is greater than the area (or volume) planted.  If error, set area treated equal to area planted.  To do the comparison, covert square feet to acres and thousand cubic feet to cubic feet.  Special case is if unit_treated = A (or K) and unit_planted = S (or C) and acre_treated < acre_planted, then assume error is with unit_treated and set unit_treated equal to S (or C)."
48,"MTRS does not exist in this county"
51,"Application date is an invalid date (eg day does not exist for the month) or is later than the current date.  This error is checked only if there were no errors found for error codes 15, 16, or 17."
52,"Specific gravity < 0.0001 if product formulation is wet.  Specific gravity value comes from the label database, so it is an error in the label database and is not reported to the counties."
60,"Acres planted is > 10% more than the area of its section, when unit is acres and site is not rangeland, pastureland, forest trees, uncultivated ag, or uncultivated non-ag areas.   If error, set acres treated equal to area of the section."
61,"Unit treated is not compatible with the unit planted, that is, one unit is a measure of area and other is a measure of volume; or one unit is U and other unit is C, K, P, or T."
62,"Site location id is null.  If it has trailing or leading spaces, remove the spaces and mark as a possible but corrected error."
63,"Agricultural field (as identified by grower_id, site_loc_id, and site_code) has inconsistencies. Different applications on a field (identified by the combination of county_cd, grower_id, site_loc_id, and site_code or by the program assigned field_id) report different values for acres planted or MTRS.  Further explanation of inconsistent agricultural fields is given in the documentation."
64,"Cedits indicator is not null, 0, or E.  Value '0' is replaced with null."
65,"Qualifier code is not a number"
66,"Planting sequence is not a number.  Value '0' is replaced with null."
67,"MTRS does not exist in CA"
68,"Application time's first two digits is not between 0 and 24 or last two digits is not between 0 and 60.  Replace any spaces with 0; replace  '0000' with null."
69,"License number is null or equals 0."
72,"Pounds of product divided by the acre treated (the rate of use) is greater than the third outlier limit.  Further explanation of extreme rate values is given in the loader documentation."
75,"Pounds of product divided by the acre treated (the rate of use) is greater than either the first or second outlier limit. Further explanation of extreme rate values is given in the loader documentation."
76,"Pounds of product divided by the area treated (rate of use) is greater than the first outlier limit or than the mean use rate + 3SD but is not high enough to trigger error 75. Further explanation of extreme rate values is given in the loader documentation. "
80,"Values for these fields are the same as those for 1or more other records and the sum of acres treated for this set is greater than the acres planted.  Further explanation of duplicate records is given in the documentation."
85,"Either an invalid fumigation code that does not exist in the Fumigation Methods table or the AER_GND_IND field did not contain an 'F' and this field was not empty."
